Here is the list of major comments that we should address.

1st Review:

1. "I think these clusterability assumptions are not so realistic, and the large constants involved in the upper (and lower!) bounds make me worried the wrong problem is being studied.  However, once noise is allowed, these assumptions become possibly more realistic, so this downside doesn't bother me as much in this paper as in other papers in this field."
2. "One of the problems of the various assumptions is that it is hard to keep track of which results (from which papers) apply to which other models."


The first reviewer has a comment saying that the upper bound seems to high. However, as he himself notes that as noise is allowed these assumptions become more realistic. Other papers in this area, often work in the case when the dataset has no noise or when the noise is only an epsilon fraction of the whole dataset. In the view of the authors, this is the first work which makes assumptions on noise which are realistic and likely to be true in real-life scenarios. Experimental validation of the above statement is beyond the scope of the current paper and is part of another future work. 
The second comment seems to be more of a small presentation issue.




2nd Review:

1. "I strongly object to the validity of the negative results. Just because the given clusterings aren't laminar with any tree, there could still be a tractable algorithm that outputs a short description of few selected clusterings that are laminar with the ones posed in the counter examples". 

The reviewer is right in stating that negative results in the list model should have been presented. The authors are aware of similar lower bound in the list model as well. However, that lower bound was not included with the current version as the authors were primarily working in the tree model. To satisfy the reviewer, here is the theorem (which was omitted for presentation concerns) which shows that any list should have size exponential in k for \alpha < 2 + \sqrt{3}. This example is in the same flavor as in BBV08's work.
Theorem 1 [Lower bound for list]: 
Given the number of clusters k and parameter t. For all \alpha ≤ 2 + \sqrt{3} and \eta ≤ 1 there exists a clustering instance (X , d) such that any list L has the following property. There exists S ⊆ X and clustering C_S which satisfies (α, η)-center proximity and m(C_S ) = t and the following holds. If |L| < 2^{k/2}, then L doesn't contain a clustering which is laminar with C_S.
Proof Sketch:
The example is a simple extension of our original example (Fig. 3) where we have 4 balls placed side-by-side one another. Let  G1 = {B1, B1', B2, B2'} be the balls as in Fig. 3 of current draft. Now, construct G2 = {B3, B3', B4, B4'} exactly identical to G1 but far from  G1. In this way, contruct k/2 copies of G1. Now, it easy to see that any list which wants to 'capture' C_S should have size atleast 2^{k/2}.



3rd Review:

1. "The main weakness in this paper is the lack of justification as to how realistic the assumptions are."
This comment is exactly the same as the comment made by the first reviewer. As mentioned before, in the view of the authors, this is the first work which makes assumptions on noise which are realistic and likely to be true in real-life scenarios. Experimental validation of the above statement is beyond the scope of the current paper which aims to lay a theoretical foundation for the task of clustering. The authors are preparing another paper with aim of experimental validation of these and various other clusterability notions considered in literature.





To summarise, the list of major comments which led to weak acceptance decision are:
1. Lack of experimental justification of assumptions (This was the only comment by reviewer 1 and 3):
In the view of the authors, this is the first work which makes assumptions on noise which are realistic and likely to be true in real-life scenarios. Experimental validation of the above statement is beyond the scope of the current paper which aims to lay a theoretical foundation for the task of clustering. The authors are preparing another paper with aim of experimental validation of these and various other clusterability notions considered in literature.

2. Lack of list based lower bound (This was the main objection of reviewer 2):
This lower bound was known to the authors but ommitted for presentation considerations (as that is not the main message of the paper). The theorem (counter-example) is a simple extension to Fig 3. and has been stated in rebuttal for reference of the reviewers and program committe members. 
